Improve `acl policy self` output for management and client tokens (#26389) (#26396)
hashicorp/nomad: .changelog/26396.txt

```release-note:bug

> cli: Improved acl policy self output for management tokens

Reviewer: ```suggestion
cli: Fixed a bug where `acl policy self` command would output all policies when used with a management token
```
